LRDOCS-5678 Blade watch (#22)
gamerson/liferay-docs: develop/tutorials/articles/100-tooling/03-blade-cli/05-deploying-projects-with-blade-cli.markdown

container using Felix File Install commands. The command uses the default
`11311` port by default.

+$$$

> **Note:** The `blade deploy` command requires a Gradle/Maven wrapper to

Reviewer: We should change 'blade deploy' to just execute a system 'gradle' or 'maven' if the wrapper doesn't exist.  So I think we can remove this statement.

Author: @gamerson should I keep this information in the docs until `blade deploy` is changed? I was going to add the deployment changes in a different PR when it was available.

> successfully execute. To ensure the availability of a build tool wrapper, work

Reviewer: I don't think we need this sentence if we change blade deploy

Author: @gamerson same for this one. Will `blade deploy` be updated by end of week when docs are published?

in a Liferay Workspace. For more information on Liferay Workspaces, see the
[Creating a Liferay Workspace with Blade CLI](/develop/tutorials/-/knowledge_base/7-1/creating-a-liferay-workspace-with-blade-cli)
tutorial.

$$$

Blade CLI also offers a way to *watch* a deployed project, which compiles and
redeploys a project when changes are detected. There are two ways to do this:

- `blade watch`
- `blade deploy -w`

> The `blade watch` command is the fastest way for Portal to recognize your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `blade watch` command is the fastest way to develop and test changes to modules for Portal.
```

changes. This is because the `watch` command does not rebuild your project every

> time a change is detected. When running `blade watch`, your project is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time a change is detected. When running `blade watch`, your project is not copied to the Portal, but rather is installed into the Portal runtime `in place`.
```

physically deployed to Portal, but rather, is recreated temporarily as an

> exploded JAR and mapped to Portal. This allows the Portal to quickly update your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exploded JAR and mapped to Portal. This allows the Portal to immediately see changes that are made to your projects files in-place``

project's installation by recognizing changes and only updating the recently

> changed files. When the Portal is shut down, your project is automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changed files. When the watch command is canceled, your module(s) is automatically uninstalled from Portal.
```

> uninstalled. The `watch` command is only available for JAR-based projects.

Reviewer: Lets remove this last sentence because we hope to support war projects fully.

Reviewer: and theme projects.
